				POKEMON : JOURNEY AND STORY OF ASH KETCHUM AND FRIENDS



There was a Small town, Named Pallet town where Trainers were given a Pokemon, A creature which is a like a animal or something but has superPowers. Pidgey a Sparrow pokemon is replaced as a bird of superPower.

Ash Ketchum when reached the Age of 10 years and 10 months in a dream of becoming a pokemon master. He was going to be a pokemon trainer by receiving a starter pokemon from the Pokemon Professor of The Town Professor Oak. He is a professor who studies pokemon. He give 3 pokemons to the new trainer. Bulbasaur, Charmander and Squirtle. He was Having a ball watch in the Shade of A pokemon Electrode,A pokemon looking like a pokeball(a ball in which a pokemon of a trainer lives and if the trainer wants to catch a pokemon , he uses a pokeball).

"Me Ash Ketchum, going to be the next pokemon master by catching all the pokemons" said Ash in a high voice and a bravely manner throwing his electrode alarm clock.

"you didn't sleep till now" said Delia, Oak's assistant and Ash's mother

"common Mom, I can't wait as I am going to be the next trainer of My town" answered Ash

"So if you can't sleep so just see Professor's explanation on Pokemons" answered Delia

Professor Oak was explaning the types of Pokemon and the Starters types also."there are 18 types of Pokemon in the world, Fire, Water, Grass, Electric, Dark, Ghost, Poison, Rock, Ground, Psychic, Fairy, Fighting, Flying, Normal, Bug, Dragon, Ice and Steel"But they used to Give a Fire , Water and Grass types as they are those which are one strong and one weak in the front of two others.

Normal  : ----------                   , Fighting
Flying  : Fighting/Ground              , Electric
Fire    : Grass/Steel/Bug/Poison       , Water
Water   : Rock/Ground/Fire             , Electric/Grass
Grass   : Water/Rock/Ground   	       , Fire/Poison/Bug
Dragon  : Fire/Water/Grass/Electric    , Fairy/Ice
Bug     : Grass/Poison/Fighting 	   , Fire
Psychic : Fighting/Ghost 		       , Ghost/Dark
Fairy   : Dragon/Psychic/Dark/Ghost    , ----
Ghost   : Psychic/Normal/Fighting      , Dark/Psychic 
Dark    : Ghost/Psychic                , Fairy/Fighting
Steel   : Normal/Poison			       , Fire/Fighting
Rock    : Electric/Normal/Flying	   , Water/Fighting/Ice
Ground  : Electric/Normal		       , Water/Flying
Electric: Flying/Water				   , Ground/Rock/Grass
Poison  : Grass/Psychic				   , Steel
Fighting: Dark/Steel/Normal/Rock/Ground, Flying/Psychic
Ice		: Dragon/Rock				   , Fire/Fighting


THE NEXT DAY---

Ash Dreaming of Pokemon Starters wakes up late, Looking at time he runs saying "Bulbasaur, Charmander,Squirtle!!!!! any of them will be OK just leave any of them". The whole town comes there and takes a look at their new trainers going for Adventure. Ash and Gary, Oak's Grandson push each other , specially Ash in Hurry. Gary receives a Squirtle but doesn't tells Ash. Ash enters but after opening every Ball 

"Bulbasaur come out! 'EMPTY' "
"Charmander come out! 'EMPTY' "
"Squirtle come out! 'EMPTY' "

But Ash still requests and finally gets a Good news that Professor Oak can still give him a pokemon of Electric type so he decides to train that pokemon but the pokemon was a Small cute Round Electric Mouse Pokemon Pikachu. It comes with a cute sound and Face from a special pokemon with a kind of electric design on it like a special pokemon and Finally Ash takes it in his hands, Pikachu gives him a 440 Volt shock.

Ash receives His 6 pokeballs and a Pokedex,Device needed to be filled with pokemon and gives Info. too on the Pokemon.

Ash's mom Delia was waiting for him to come out with a Pokemon. Ash comes with Pikachu with a Rubber band in Pikachu's stomach and Ash's stomach due to avoiding his Shocks. Ash is Given His New dress as well as a pair of Shoes (running) to carry on his adventure fastly and then they begin with journey and Pikachu with a rude mood , Ash let him listen a Speech of Pokedex that Always listen to your Master pokemons and Always be in a Pokeball. But with Pikachu's typed Button pokedex said that it's not necesary all the time as pokemon also have freedom.

Ash agreed to keep Pikachu free and reemoved his gloves and Band. Pikachu fastly ran to a tree and climbed up and Ash was 	Thinking that he would catch a pokemon if his own pokemon will not help him ?
Ash decided to catch him by a pokeball so it didn't worked as he need to first weaken the pokemon. A rattata , mice pokemon was there who started looking at Ash's bags but when pokedex said that "It searches the bags o Stupid People" , "means I am Stupid" , Pikachu was laughing at every funny moment of Ash and finally, Ash saw one more Bird pokemon so he thought it might be a Pidgey but it was A spearow.. Ash threw a stone at him and the Spearow attacked Pikachu as they have a thought that a trainer trained pokemon is so cruel but they nevr seen or spotted their attitude.

Pikachu was attacked by spearows. Pikachu was injured but Ash took him and Ash with Pikachu ran and there was no other way than jumping in a waterfall and escaping.Ash jumped but overcoming of water pokemon like Gyrados a huge Dragon pokemon was hard and finally Ash reached a small fishing area where a Girl named Misty was fishing and thought that a huge pokemon but It was Ash and her care for Pikachu , Misty said there is a pokemon centre, A hospital of Pokemon, Just go there to be safe from the spearows and Ash without permission, Took Misty's cycle and cycled on the road but on the road he fell down with Pikachu. Ash left Pikachu lying and kept his Pokeball in front of him and stood in frnt of Pikachu that if they want to hurt someone so hurt him.

Pikachu understood Ash in a deeper manner and when spearows were close, Pikachu mixd up with lightening and used a attack of 'ThunderBolt'. Spearows were injured and fainted but not died, And looking in Sky, A pokemon with Gold appearence came flying there and also was a pokemon who is that much rare that people are unable to see that pokemon there lifetime.

Ash and Pikachu without rush reached the Viridian city but were asked for the ID Proof they need to enter per city, the Officer Jennie and the Nurse Joy of every City are with same name but are with a differd sign colour on their cap.

When Ash reached pokemon centre , Pikachu was handed over to Nurse Joy so that he can recover. He called his mother and then Professor Oak. Professor Oak was told by Ash that he saw a golden bird pokemon. Oak let him know that there is no possibility to see a pokemon which can't be seen by many people overlife.

On the other hand and opposition of Ash there was a team with different branches named team Rocket , they use to wear just a white shirt and (if a girl) Skirt on a pant of white with brown boots as well as "R" written on the shirt. But this was a special team of three members including the most unique pokemon of the world named Meowth who can speak human language and understand what a pokemon says and tell this to it's trainer.

In the pokemon centre Misty also arrives with her destroyed Cycle and later angrily asks Ash "hey you boy, you firstly destroyed my Cycle and now you want to leave me behind, I am not going to leave you till I get back my Cycle recoverd !!"

Ash brought the Topic on a Pokemon recovery but at that moment , Team Rocket cam e there with there pokemons , Ekans, Koffing and Meowth. They used to stole others pokemon and then they used to sell them and get money for their company development as well as their salary from their Boss GIOVANNI who is the head and leader. They arrived and then Ash didn't had pokemons to fight against them. Pikachu was a little recovered so he called all other Pikachu's , they produced their energy and Finally Pikachu Thunder attack! and a blast and team Rocket flied in Sky.